invisible planes do not exist anymore because
even fighters and stealth bombers
they do not represent a great difficulty for
the Russian radars how they get
detect them the experts do not use the
invisible word when they refer to
the stealth technology known in
english as stealth technology because
make an airplane invisible to a rocket with
modern technologies is impossible
explains the russian newspaper rossiyskaya
gazeta according to the newspaper the only thing that
you can do is reduce your visibility
but only in the field of vision of
radar what represents the first heel
of Achilles from a sneak plane as they are
visible to the naked eye for an operator
of the portable air defense system
short range and for your type rocket
shoot and forget however warns the
daily
it is always better to shoot down the planes
of the long-distance enemy and not
when they fly over your head to
same time for long detection
distance there radio locator is
a common radar can spot a plane to
a distance of 300 kilometers while
that furtive technologies allow
shorten this distance although to a high
cost in order to disperse the beam of
Radar
aircraft manufacturers make them a
little angular and whenever possible
they replace metal with materials
reinforced with carbon fiber or when
this is not possible by radio materials
absorbers to hide the radar
compressors of the engines one of the
metal parts more visible to the
radar place before them diffusers
specials capable of drowning the signal of
radar the plane nozzles of an airplane
they make it less visible in the infrared
for a better masking they add to
cold air propulsion jet
coming from the intake valves
The traditional tail of the plane is
replaced in the poachers by another in
Uve shape the call with the butterfly
less visible to the radar even the
Pilots seats are made
conjugates to dissipate the radiation of
radar in an attempt to make them
invisible are planes with
very combat features
weakened since they can not carry a
a lot of weapons everything is
hidden in the fuselage and its speed
and flight range is limited and
you can use your radar only with a lot
caution since it makes it very visible to
another radar the newspaper highlights a flaw
plus the shortage of fugitive aircraft
for example the American bomber
b 2 spirit is the most expensive plane in the
history whose cost exceeds 15 million
of dollars in spite of which they can
shoot down